roadmap.md, before:

# roadmap

- [ ] Research which UI/UX frameworks to use [leaning towards react]
- [ ] Come up with a snazzy title
- [ ] Pick three primary colors (pastel)
- [ ] intended audiences: for people who prefer to use a timer that has flash instead of sound & can categorize their kanban tasks around a pomodoro approach. 
- [ ] languages used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Node.js, MongoDB, Express.js, maybe: ember.js 
- [ ] Features: 
    - [ ] Kanban layout
    - [ ] Minimalist
    - [ ] Pomodoro Option
    - [ ] Timer
    - [ ] When timer goes off, computer flashes
    - [ ] Color categories
    - [ ] encouraging messages for people to take a break when their pomodoro block is finished
    - [ ] possibly connect to apple watch to vibrate and notify a person 
    - [ ] NOTE: the more customized this app is, the better!
    - [ ] Pomodoro: goal to reach: 
        - [ ] 8 pomodoros daily
        - [ ] after each pomodoro block, 5 minute break
        - [ ] after four pomodoro blocks, 15 minute break
        - [ ] congratulatory message once someone reaches 8 blocks

Commit message:

adding notes that I forgot to add a minute ago, ha

roadmap.md, after:

# roadmap

- [ ] Research which UI/UX frameworks to use [leaning towards react]
- [ ] Come up with a snazzy title
- [ ] Pick three primary colors (pastel)
- [ ] Pick a logo and a cutesy mascot that encourages people (think Clippy in Office Assistant)
- [ ] intended audiences: for people who prefer to use a timer that has flash instead of sound & can categorize their kanban tasks around a pomodoro approach. 
- [ ] languages used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Node.js, MongoDB, Express.js, maybe: ember.js (will need research a bit more on this and read documentation if this will be benefical)
- [ ] Features: 
    - [ ] Kanban layout
    - [ ] Minimalist
    - [ ] Pomodoro Option
    - [ ] Timer
    - [ ] When timer goes off, computer flashes
    - [ ] Color categories
    - [ ] encouraging messages for people to take a break when their pomodoro block is finished
    - [ ] possibly connect to apple watch to vibrate and notify a person 
    - [ ] NOTE: the more customized this app is, the better!
    - [ ] Pomodoro: goal to reach: 
        - [ ] 8 pomodoros daily
        - [ ] after each pomodoro block, 5 minute break
        - [ ] after four pomodoro blocks, 15 minute break
        - [ ] congratulatory message once someone reaches 8 blocks
